there are other human beings on Mars now
coexistence they prove just as
challenging as it does on earth Maz
civilization ultimately looks like an
advanced version both industry is gonna
be absolutely vital to that effort
Newcomb is a private corporation and -
if there's money to be made then people
would go there to make the money the
Arctic is a perfect example of this we
see companies looking in the Arctic as a
portal for oil
space is a new frontier
it's unexploited what's it saying
drill baby drill your crew has cut into
a scientific reserve what you're doing
is not right
anytime science reaches a conclusion you
are going to face pushback history of
human conduct there's plenty of evidence
there are no real boundaries here Maz is
gonna be north dangerous there's a
contagion going through the economy
consequences are gonna be dire for
everybody I don't know what to do the
cost of being foolish is so hard that
you will fail there's one thing worse
teaches its patients space exploration
brings out the best in us it's where we
solve problems that have never been
solved before control what happens
way of making sure actions have
consequences
you